Adding info about 3218#issuecomment-2979916581 (#265)
rancher/fleet-docs: docs/gitrepo-add.md

### Use different helm credentials for each path

Fleet allows you to define unique credentials for each Helm chart path in a Git repository using the `helmSecretNameForPaths` field.

:::info
If `gitRepo.spec.helmSecretNameForPaths` is defined, `gitRepo.spec.helmSecretName` is ignored.
:::

Create a file named `secrets-path.yaml` that specifies credentials for each path in your `GitRepo`. The keys must match the full path to a bundle directory (a folder containing a `fleet.yaml file`), which may have more segments than the entry under `paths:`. If a path listed in the GitRepo is not included in this file, Fleet does not use credentials for it.

:::note

> The file should be named `secrets-path.yaml`, otherwise it won't work.

Reviewer: nit: this reads a little bit nicer to me
```suggestion
The file should be named `secrets-path.yaml`, otherwise Fleet will not be able to use it.
```

:::

Example `GitRepo` resource:

```yaml
kind: GitRepo
apiVersion: fleet.cattle.io/v1alpha1
metadata:
  name: gitrepo
  namespace: fleet-local
spec:
  helmSecretNameForPaths: test-multipasswd
  repo: https://github.com/0xavi0/fleet-examples
  branch: helm-multi-passwd
  paths:

>   - single-cluster/test-multipasswd/no-passwd
>   - single-cluster/test-multipasswd/passwd

Reviewer: nit: the GitRepo could use a single path, to illustrate the fact that a path in the secret may have more segments than a path specified in the GitRepo:
```suggestion
  - single-cluster/test-multipasswd
```
